>> Brian Holt: So
we're going to do code splitting.
Next I need to reset my repo.
So that's back in a state where I can
start without emotion cuz that we wanna
start from ground zero like
a good place in our repo.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
come in here, start my server.
I'm gonna say git
reset HEAD --hard.
Now, just saying this is all
very destructive operations.
So, if you wanted to keep any of
your code, don't do this, right?
But I don't so I'm just gonna say,
give me reset hard and so
now you can see maybe the two
things that I created will be here.
And so again, don't do this unless you
intend on like destroying everything.
You can say git clean -f.
That's going to clean everything
that's not tracked in git.
As you might imagine, that might be things
that you wanted to keep, but I don't.
>> Brian Holt: I'm just telling
you this because one of
you is gonna delete something that you
want it and you're gonna blame me and
I'm gonna say I told you so.
Okay, that's never happened before.
So here after that, I'll do that I'm
gonna say npm install again just to get
things back in a good state as well.
>> Brian Holt: So
after every single branch,
you're gonna wanna have to do that or
after every module here.
So that you're back in kind
of a ground zero state.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
everything should be good.
We're gonna move on to code splitting.
Code splitting is essential for
small applications, right?
The idea behind code splitting
is that you don't wanna have to
load everything up front that's not
essential for the first page load, right?
So if I load a home page of my web page,
let's go look at this one,
the Adopt Me page.
So let's go ahead and after we run
the npm install, let's go ahead and
get our dev server running.
So I'm gonna say npm run dev
again to get our server started.
>> Brian Holt: Once that's loaded, we can
restart here at localhost 1234, okay.
>> Brian Holt: So
now this is back in a normal state.
So what I wanna talk
about is code splitting.
Code splitting allows you to split
out pieces of your application so
that you defer the loading to later.
Now this is essential if you
wanna have a small page size so
that the first load is really quick and
then you can defer the loading of other
pieces of code until later, right.
So for example, I'm on this homepage and
then I also have a second
page here called the details page,
which is this page, right?
I don't need all the code for
the details page until later, right?
So I can defer the loading of
this code until later, okay?
>> Brian Holt: So what I can do here is I
can use a couple of different techniques
within React to defer the loading
of these pieces of code later.
So I can have the smallest,
fastest initial page load, and
then I can defer loading
of new code until later.
>> Brian Holt: So
I want you to go into app.js,
>> Brian Holt: Okay and then up here we're
going to import two new things here, lazy,
L-A-Z-Y and Suspense with a capital S.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
now I wanna defer the loading
of Details until later, right?
As soon as parcel sees import Details
from something here, it's like,
I need to load this, right?
So it goes an includes
that in your bundle, but
I don't want it to do that anymore.
So what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna delete that.
>> Brian Holt: So above App here,
what I'm gonna say
is I'm gonna say const Details = lazy,
with a function that says import./Details.
>> Brian Holt: So now, what is Details?
Well, Details is now a placeholder
component that will not load this code
until later when Details is actually
tried to be rendered for the first time.
>> Brian Holt: So,
we still have a little thing to do here.
So, under our above router here,
we're gonna put a suspense component,
which we import from React here,
around router.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're gonna give it a fallback.
>> Brian Holt: And here you're just
gonna give it a bit of mark up,
it's like show this if
the code is not ready yet.
So I'm just gonna say h1 Loading route.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now I have this Details component.
This is a lazily loaded component,
this function here whenever it runs,
it's going to import Details,
this is called dynamic import.
This is not necessarily a React thing.
This is a JavaScript thing
that you're basically saying,
dynamically import this from somewhere,
right?
And then Parcel is smart enough to say,
I know what to do with this, and
it does a code split here and
splits this into a separate bundle, right?
>> Brian Holt: Now we've wrapped this
suspense thing around our router
that says, hey,
if anything inside of here is loading,
don't show it, show this h1
loading route first until this
import promise resolves and
then show it, right?
>> Brian Holt: So now, if I go over
here and I'll hard refresh the page,
and we'll look at the Network tab.
>> Brian Holt: Look at the JS here, so
notice I've loaded style and App, right?
But if I come in here and
search for a pet and
I go to Fat Boy Slim notice that it's
going to load a details.js down here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
there's app.js coming in, and
if I click on this details.js
now is doing that.
I show you that because it's pretty fast,
it's really hard to
notice the loading right?
But if you notice very quickly up here in
the top left it will say loading, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
we split out 18 kilobytes,
which is 18 kilobytes of
uncompressed JavaScript.
This would end up being like one kilobyte,
probably.
So this is not worth it, right?
This is actually gonna be slower than,
you would've just rather have included
it in the main bundle to begin with.
So, if you are gonna do code splitting,
you should be splitting out
at least 30 kilobytes plus.